[DOCS] Extends geo_shape query docs to explain behavior when data is indexed as array of shapes (#57806)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-dsl/geo-shape-query.asciidoc

--------------------------------------------------
// TESTSETUP

> The following query will find the point using the {es}'s `envelope` GeoJSON 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following query will find the point using {es}'s `envelope` GeoJSON 
```

--------------------------------------------------
// TESTRESPONSE[s/"took" : 17/"took" : $body.took/]

==== Pre-Indexed Shape

The query also supports using a shape which has already been indexed in another 
index. This is particularly useful for when you have a pre-defined list of 

> shapes which are useful to your application and you want to reference this using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shapes and you want to reference the list using 
```

> a logical name (for example 'New Zealand') rather than having to provide their 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a logical name (for example 'New Zealand') rather than having to provide 
```

`false` (the default value) the query will throw an exception if the field
is not mapped.

==== Shape Types supported for Geo-Point

When searching a field of type `geo_point` the following shape types are not 
supported:

* `POINT`
* `LINE`
* `MULTIPOINT`
* `MULTILINE`

==== Notes

* Geo-shape queries on geo-shapes implemented with 
  <<prefix-trees, `PrefixTrees`>> will not be executed if 
  <<query-dsl-allow-expensive-queries, `search.allow_expensive_queries`>> is set 
  to false.

* When data is indexed in a `geo_shape` field as an array of shapes, the arrays 
  are treated as one shape. For this reason, the following requests are 
  equivalent.

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------

> PUT /test/doc1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PUT /test/_doc/1
```

{
  "location": [
    {
      "coordinates": [46.25,20.14],
      "type": "point"
    },
    {
      "coordinates": [47.49,19.04],
      "type": "point"
    }
  ]
}
--------------------------------------------------

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------

> PUT /test/doc1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PUT /test/_doc/1
```
